fix: Adapts the ubuntu/WSL SECURITY.md contents for this repository (#1173)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl: SECURITY.md

> # Security Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Security policy
```

> ## Note about General Availability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Note about the general availability of Ubuntu Pro for WSL
```

> Ubuntu Pro for WSL is not yet generaly available. It's currently under active development and testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ubuntu Pro for WSL is not yet generally available. It's currently under active development and testing.
```

> ## Supported Versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported versions
```

> `Ubuntu Pro for WSL` is made of two main components: the Windows application and the `wsl-pro-service`
> which runs inside Ubuntu on WSL instances, thus when referring to supported versions those parts must be taken
> into account separately. We currently provide security updates for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ubuntu Pro for WSL is made of two main components: the application, which runs on the Windows host, and the `wsl-pro-service`,
which runs within instances of Ubuntu on WSL. When referring to supported versions, both components must be considered
separately. We currently provide security updates for:
```

> * the Windows application on all versions of Windows 11;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the Windows application on all versions of Windows 11
```

> * the `wsl-pro-service` on Ubuntu 24.04.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the `wsl-pro-service` on Ubuntu 24.04 LTS.
```

> There are plans to soon backport that service to Ubuntu 22.04 as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are planning to backport the service to Ubuntu 22.04 LTS.
```

> Please ensure that you are using a supported version to receive updates and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confirm that you are using a supported version to receive updates and
```

patches.

If you are unsure of the version, please run the following command in a
WSL terminal running your Ubuntu distro:

```
lsb_release -a
```

> ## Reporting a Vulnerability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reporting a vulnerability
```

If you discover a security vulnerability within this repository, we encourage
responsible disclosure. Please report any security issues to help us keep
`Ubuntu Pro for WSL` secure for everyone.

> ### Private Vulnerability Reporting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Private vulnerability reporting
```

> The most straightforward way to report a security vulnerability is via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most straightforward way to report a security vulnerability is through
```

[GitHub](https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl/security/advisories/new). For detailed
instructions, please review the
[Privately reporting a security vulnerability](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing-information-about-vulnerabilities/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability)
documentation. This method enables you to communicate vulnerabilities directly

> and confidentially with the `Ubuntu Por for WSL` maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and confidentially with the `Ubuntu Pro for WSL` maintainers.
```

The project's admins will be notified of the issue and will work with you to
determine whether the issue qualifies as a security issue and, if so, in which
component. We will then handle finding a fix, getting a CVE assigned and
coordinating the release of the fix to the various Linux distributions.

The [Ubuntu Security disclosure and embargo policy](https://ubuntu.com/security/disclosure-policy)
contains more information about what you can expect when you contact us, and what we expect from you.

> #### Steps to Report a Vulnerability on GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Steps to report a vulnerability on GitHub
```

1. Go to the [Security Advisories Page](https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl/security/advisories) of the `Ubuntu Pro for WSL` repository.

> 2. Click "Report a Vulnerability."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click "Report a Vulnerability"
```

3. Provide detailed information about the vulnerability, including steps to reproduce, affected versions, and potential impact.

> ## Security Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Security resources
```

- [Canonical's Security Site](https://ubuntu.com/security)
- [Ubuntu Security disclosure and embargo policy](https://ubuntu.com/security/disclosure-policy)
- [Ubuntu Security Notices](https://ubuntu.com/security/notices)
- [Ubuntu on WSL documentation](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/wsl/en/latest/)

If you have any questions regarding security vulnerabilities, please reach out

> to the maintainers via the aforementioned channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the maintainers through the aforementioned channels.
```
